Assignment 4 - Components
===

Miles Gregg: https://a4-miles-gregg.herokuapp.com/
Must login with a valid Github account.

## Reminders Web Application

The Reminders web application allows you to fill out a form of information for each reminder you want to keep track of. Once you fill out the form reminder you can press the create button to submit data to the server to keep track of all reminders. You can then delete or edit a specific reminder based off of the row in the table. To edit a reminder press the edit button on the table then it will autofill the form. Then make any necessary edits and press submit for that form. It will then update the table.

- Used ReactJS for all client frontend code
- Used Express for all functionality on the server-side of the website.
- Results functionality which only shows authenticated users infomration on the table. 
- Using Passport.js and GitHub OAuth to allow users to login onto the website. I used the username on GitHub to keep track of each users unique ID that way.
- Used MongoDB to store all users data in a clean and safe way. Stores reminders by a unique ID generated by MongoDB.
- Utilized Material UI (https://mui.com/) for the css framework. I wanted to try a different css framework again. So I used material ui to design the ReactJS application. 

The main change from this assignemnt from the last one was using React and MUI for all of the frontend code. All fo the backend code was left the same for the most part with some slight modifications. However using React was very nice when writing code that looked more structured in several different ways. Like all of the elements used were like classes in a programming language like Java or Python. I was able to make different functions that could be used easily in different parts of the program like clicks and inputs. For example I made a function to update the main table whenever a action happened so I just made a function in the JSX file. Another example is I made objects to keep track of the inputs of add and update reminders which made it very nice to keep track of all of the information. Unlike html where you have to iterate through the form and grab elements out. This is also the same with the table element. The overall experience of ReactJS defenitly improved my development in frontend programming. I really enjoyed making and using the different components of react to make a functional application.  

